["Great amount of memory at a bargain price!Had to buy separately due to new camera not supplying it :(It came really quick in the post and is just what my camera needed! Thanks!Would definitely recommend it to any Sony camera owner whose memory needs a boost :)", "This memory card works great alongside my sony camera. I have used my camera a lot over the past year and have taken a lot of pictures without deleting them and there is still a lot of space on the memory card.", "If you buy a modern camera with all its attendant electronic gizmos it is only sensible to get a memory card that you know will do the business for you. We bought Sony because it was a Sony camera and the results are Ace and with this card's capacity we have few worries about running out of memory. Highly Recommended.", "Just as I'd hoped... nothing else of relevance to say  - a memory car is a memory card;  no more to say", "No problems as yetInsufficient usage at the momentAppears to fit the camera ok Will review at a later date", "very fast delivery good quality of product five stars easy they deserved easy i recomand this product to everyone becouse is cheap and quality", "the memory card was to big for my camcorder. my camcorder is a sony carl zeiss vario-tessar optical zoom 60x hybrid widelcd dcr-dvd150 handycam proouo.", "OK", "A*", "Wife bought it and loves it", "gift", "Good", "good", "good", "good", "fine", "fine", "Good", "good", "GOOD", "good", "fine", "Good", "Good", "good", "GOOD", "good", "GOOD", "Good", "I already have  and was very pleased", "I'm unable to work out how to use it", "Sorry can't rate this as t was a gift", "It works - cannot get excited about it", "This works well with my camera thanks.", "excellent just what i wanted thank you", "Great value for m\u00f2re and fast delivery", "Bought together but didn't fit in camera", "A decent sized memory card for the money", "Delivered on time. Absolutely as expected", "Great product", "Ordered at the same time as a new digital camera. Great value for money. Loads of storage as well. Would highly recommend the item", "quick transfer", "Great product.", "great, love it", "Excellent value", "excellent value", "it is very well", "Good memory card", "Great memory guys", "Good", "How u", "great", "Great", "Works", "Great", "Computer wont read this - use it for my sony camcorder,so still have to use attached usb lead from camcorder.", "great!", "perfect", "Perfect", "i found it holds too much memory to scan to find what to you want it might be a bit dearer but i find what i want better", "even though I have pulled it from my laptop without properly ejecting it on occasion.. keeps on ticking perfectly though", "Absolutely thrilled with this memory card and the price. I purchased It for my Sony Camera at the same time for a present.", "Not needed to use this yet, but tried it out ready for use when using camera to the limit. Prompt delivery with no hassle.", "Exactly what I was looking for and compliments my new camera. I look forward to recording many hours of views and photo's.", "Just what I wanted - additional memory for Sony camcorder. Came on time, well packaged and does the job nicely - thank you.", "Very good increased memory to give me more recording capability required to capture a full rehearsal of my male voice choir", "Got 2 of these for using with the Pi; they work with no bother.  No need to repartition; just copy NOOBS on and away you go.", "Ad advertised.  Haven's used it yet but should be good for the intended use.I would recommend if you need the capacity.", "Not the biggest capacity but good value and you can get about 1000 pictures with a 20Mega pixel camera so it'll do fine for me.", "A necessity for the camera way to install", "Very good quality! Not a fake! Thank you!!", "Wrong memory card recommended for camcorder", "Excellent, does what it says on the package!", "WORKS WELL WITH THE CAMERA. EXCELLENT PRODUCT", "Nothing else to say, a memory card that works.", "Competitively priced and delivered as promised.", "Great value for the price plus fast delivery \ud83d\ude0a", "Great price and so far has functioned very well.", "bought in error then found  another use seems ok", "Ideal - thank you", "Christmas present", "Excellent product", "Good recommended.", "Excellent product!", "Good quality card.", "serves its purpose", "Just what we wanted", "really good product", "gives  1820  photos", "one of the best quality memory cards available currently on the market at a value for money cost.highly reccommended. excellent", "I'm sure it works perfectly, but I found out that I needed a micro SSD. However, the friend I sold it on to has not complained.", "Arrived quickly and work perfectly. Very happy to finally have our dashcam working now that the cheap SD card has been replaced.", "Item as expected no big surprise there reasonably priced and goods arrived when listed,would recommend to others if asked.", "Bought for my trip abroad along with a spare battery. Should never have the scenario of a flat battery or no recording space now.", "Does what it says on the tin. This card is in my video-cam-corder, I have another much larger storage one too, but both are great.", "Its now month that I am using this and didn't find any problem with it.Value for money as it was cheap as compare to other vendor.", "very. good price can't get. any where. like. that. perfect. for. my. 18.2 piforxels. Sony. camera very good.  to have big memory for hols", "Excellent, I've had this a couple of months now and never had a problem. Everything downloads perfectly no pings. pops, clangs or springs", "A Sony 8GB Memory Card for around a fiver is just amazing value when you see the budget makes for a lot more. A great card for all my needs.", "This goes with the camera I bought, a good price.", "great item works well seller was quick to send out", "Does what it's supposed to do. Have had no issues.", "Works just like an SD card with no problems at all", "Works fine in my camera and stores loads of images", "This is great for the amount of photographs I take.", "Good value item & great service.Many Thanks Michael", "Good product well packaged and arrived in a timely fashion.", "genuine product allways ready to accept your material needed", "That Good I Bought Two  5* For Service !00% Happy With Product.", "Amazing", "pleased", "Perfect", "perfect", "Its fine", "good job", "Works OK", "Excelent", "all good", "works ok", "great for the price", "just what we needed", "does what you expect", "Very good  thank you", "Works as advertised.", "Sturdy & great value", "just what i required", "Just what I expected", "Good value for money", "Good value for money", "Bought this as part of your deal and an excellent back up. Sony, don't need to say anymore great gear.", "Memory card installed in Fujifilm Digital Camera. Surprised by the amount of photographs/videos that can be stored.Thank you all. No problems.", "An essential product as its the only one that's compatible with my particular Sony camera model. Have yet to try alternatives to see if they work.", "This card was purchased to use on a holiday. So far so good. Bought beacuse of the good price and it's a Sony", "Excellent service. Arrived promptly. Just as I described. Am using this for a storage device fir my photos and needed a good quslity card. Superb :)", "Bought for a camera and works fine. Gives me increased capacity and leaves me safe in the knowledge that I can shoot almost as many pictures as I like.", "Great card ,though it does not fit the camcorder bought, despite being indicated as others buying it alongside the camcorder.Will use it for the computer.", "excellent card works perfectly but each time i go to order some more the price leap up in ridiculous amounts so wont be buying anymore. will look at other cards.", "Arrived extremely quickly and packaged well. Found it cheaper to buy 2 x 8GB than one 16GB so if I loose one memory card at least I wont have lost all my photos.", "If there's a Sony option in whatever I buy, that's the ons I'll choose. Unfortunately, I didn't realise I needed a micro SD so had to return and 're-order. What a dork!!", "Take lots of photos. Buy two. One for stills and one for video.", "Sony SD Secure Digital Memory Card 16Gb Class 4 SF16N4 excellent", "Worked great. Quick delivery. Holds a lot of videos and pictures.", "Use my memory card over and over again, good buy Connor fault it.", "Exactly what you expect from Sony. Great price and works perfectly.", "Present for my daughter to go with camera. As far as I know it's fine", "Card but not fit for for what you said it could be used for,misleading", "This was advertised with a video camera. Unfortunately it did not fit.", "I got this item for my new Sony camera and it fits and works perfectly.", "Exactly what it was described on the listings.  happy with the purchase", "Very good as expected", "pleased with the item", "Great value for money", "Should be ok thank you", "Does the job I wanted.", "good service and price", "good price and quality", "Very pleased with item", "well pleased thank you", "It works as advertised.", "I've ordered two of these to use with my Sony DSC-HX5, it's works perfectly with my camera and also my Apple MacBook Pro. Very easy to transfer data across using the card.", "Pleased with the memory card. We haven't used the camera yet, due to the bad weather! Hopefully, will get a longer life than our previous one, which was forever on charge.", "Got this with the purchase of a digital compact camera and it does exactly what it should - 32GB of memory that is enough for most people taking holiday or party snaps which a compact camera.", "I bought this to go with the Sony camcorder for a family party, it captured the evening very well and I am well pleased with it, I will be getting a 64gb soon for the holidays. would recommend.", "SD car to use with my digital video camera. with 32gb it has room for loads of video. I used it to film on holiday & at a wedding & there is still plenty of storage space, I recommend it highly.", "Came as a suggested trio with the Sony icd-px312. It's the wrong size. So don't buy the suggested set. Who ever suggested it is a PLONKER.", "It was the wrong size for my ICD recorder and did not fit and therefore it was a complete waste of money.  As it was advertised with the recorder the card should have been the one that fitted i.e.the micro size.", "Obviously this isn't any of those extreme editions so it isn't advisable for those who are obsessed with image taking, so just for those fun memories it is ace, i brought for a sony camera, so thought i would get the sony card to match.No problems or data loss so it is perfect for the camera, had no problems with importing speeds.", "too many photos,  8gb would have been better for my needs.", "Some older cameras won't take more than a 2Gb card, which actually is quite a lot of storage. This is a high quality Sony product, it's class 4 which is faster than the most basic ones and it cost less than a fiver. Very pleased.", "wow for my sony camera over 9000 photos thats holiday snaps taken care of", "I am so please i bouggt this item. It has been so good and i love it so very much", "very good", "Very nice", "Excellent", "Brilliant", "excellent", "good item", "Excellent", "Excellent", "Excellent for my camera", "I love this memory card", "Plenty of photo storage", "Does what I want it for.", "was a v good memory card", "good all around SD card.", "does what its supposed to", "Good service. Best price.", "great price, great quality", "easy to fit, good pictures", "This memory card is a good quality and have no problem with this product", "excellent value for money, work just fine, would definitely but another.", "quality product this thanks i will return for anoyjer whe this one s full", "Will store a lot of pictures. Great addition to my mum's new digital camera.", "This product worked well and i was pleased with the quality and its durability", "This is a good memory card and it comes with an afordable price tag for 32GB .", "This was a gift for my son but I have had not complaints so I guess it is fine.", "Very good. Daughter pleasedThanks for speedy deliveryMuch Appreciated.", "Also bought for my daughter again quick delivery and I think she will love it too.", "It did the job for me and the price was right, not a lot you can say about a memory card", "This was recommended when I purchased a digital recorder however it is not compatible so please beware of the \"con\", do research when any preserved aligned product is recommended", "Excellent record and replay speed with HD camcorder. I think you can rely on this piece of kit. Would recommend", "Ordered wrongly and this was not apparent until it was opened which prevents return. A waste of \u00a317+. Ordered with a camcorder and the mistake should have been apparent to Amazon operators and queried.", "The product came through earlier than I thought and was bought as a xmas present, so getting it early was a bonus.  The product was reasonably priced and I would definitely buy again.  I am very satisfied.", "Unfortunately,I cannot comment on this as my daughter has not used it yet.  The 4-star rating is that I would surmise that it is as good a quality as all the items I buy from and through Amazon always are, especially the camera and camera bag bought at the same time.", "Seems fine but unfortunately not useful for the Sony ICD-PX312 - Digital voice recorder - flash 2 GB - MP3 - black which was why I bought it. Have since discovered I need a micro SD card. A little annoying, I was in a hurry and took the Amazon recommendation rather than checking carefully. Still I'm sure I'll use it for a camera or something.", "Difficult to comment on the cards as purchased as part of an Amazon deal  along  with the Sony dictaphone and clip on microphone - the cards do not fit so have had to buy Microcards.Unwrapped them first so cannot return. Anyway Sony are always good quality so I am sure they will get well used by somebody.", "This memory card is the wrong size for the Sony voice recorder it's advertised with. I've now bought 2 different cards and neither of them work in my Sony PX312. Please can somebody tell me which card I need to get??", "VERY GOOD", "delighted", "nice item", "brilliant", "Brilliant", "Very good", "Excellent", "satisfied", "Brilliant", "Brilliant!", "Does the job as described.", "nothing to say, just works", "Product fine, good service", "good quality very reliable", "Brilliant half-price offer!", "Wrong size card recommended", "Exactly what it says it is.", "Very good just what I needed", "Does what it says on the can", "Has given no problems in use", "Item despatched on time and received earlier than expected.  Product exactly as described.", "Disappointed was not the right one for the camcorder.Had to return and buy elsewhere.", "A very good product from Sony. I choose Sony as I know I can trust it to be of good quality.", "I'm really happy with this one and it was exactly what I was looking for - so yup, great buy.", "Got this for my new camera for holidays so i can fit more photos on it well packed, thank you", "Ditto, memory card as for camera it's working, it arrived safely well wrapped & in good time.", "Works well, but know little about any other brand/type. Have had now problems with this product", "Great card , does not work with suggested  buy of sony hdr cx405. Thanks Amazon for miss selling", "Awful product. Bad quality, bought for my mum the flash doesn't work and the screen is very blury.", "Works well. I use it on my camcorder for which seems to be designed. Would recommend to use for this.", "OK What else can I say about a bloody memory card??? Blah BladhBlah anything to fill up the space required on this bloody rebiew", "Ok so it's an SD card, nothing to get excited about lol.Arrived within 48 hours and was a cracking price.Will be getting more of these bad boys in the future.", "As a complete novice when it comes to anything technical I bought a SONY camcorder which came with a recommended disc. My problem and complaint is exactly the same as G E TAYLOR reported in his comments of the 15th Sept 2015. I have no clue what to do with it and I have to incur further costs in the purchase of a micro chip.", "Does exactly what it's meant to do. We ordered for use with a Sony Camera and it fits well. Iv'e seen other reviews saying it's a cheap copy. It looks genuine enough to us and we havn't had any problems with it yet in months of use.", "I'm not sure what needs to be said about a memory card.  It went into the camera and does the job it says it would do.  Doesn't improve the pictures the camera takes of me, but you can't have everything :)", "It's an SD card.  A recognised standard.  It can not magically change its dimensions to fit in different memory card slots.  A number of people have skewed the ratings because they bought this card by mistake.  I have had one of these cards for some time now, and it has worked perfectly.", "Great buy.Works like a charm, fast easy transfers and camera runs smoothly and quickly.I guess sticking to the sony brand and using a sony camera is a smart move. After all this SD card was built to be used with sony products. I can say i am certain i can feel the difference, although it will take some time until the card fills up before i really start to notice the benefit of using the products together.Pictures are valuable and a decent sd card means the pictures are safer until they are transferred to my PC. I would recommend buying Sony to others.", "Does what it is meant to and was delivered very quickly.  Was a bit irritated that this didn't come with the camera, but understandable.Fits perfectly with my computer and is very easy to use.", "Having been burned when buying a cheap product, I like to stick with brand names I know on the basis that the quality is likely to be higher as international companies have a reputation to maintain. I have not had these cards for long, so cannot comment on the reliability, but the packaging was impressive & Sony's guarantee is too. Buying them from Amazon was excellent value too!", "good value", "Five Stars", "very good.", "I haven't used it much yet but I have great expectations of it.  With it being 32GB it should be okay", "Great value", "great value", "good quality", "As described", "Very pleased", "As described", "Does what it says on the tin.", "good service and good product", "Think ok. Ordered wrong size\ud83d\ude12", "Loads of space and works fine.", "cant get it to load into camera", "Sony quality as usuall Excellent", "Quick delivery and good product.", "Happy with purchase, no problems.", "As advertised. Delivered promptly", "Quick delivery and so far so good", "Wrong size of memory card recommended by Amazon - doesn't fit :-(", "Lots of memory for photos and videos all on one card a must for the novice or professional camera users", "Fine product, good value. Arrived on time and works OK. Holds a full 8gb. Not much else to say, really!", "Does what it says on the tin and very well indeed good value for named product No real issues with this", "Nice and excellent item. very strong. I am happy to buy this and I am also happy to rate this five stars.", "The card is just what I need to make up the gift of the Sony camera which I also purchased through Amazon.", "Easy to use; worked immediately in the movie camera and the on board car dash camera. Plays back really well", "Bought for my old cannon camera that only accepts max 2gigs of memory. The camera works again! Thanks a lot.", "Totally mislead by Amazon - this card doesn't fit the CX240E Handycam yet it was recommended.  Waste of money.", "Purchased as part of amazon package to go with Sony CX240E video camera, quite simply doesn't fit! The camera takes a micro. Can't rate the card as can't use it.", "The above SIM card was sold as a package deal with the Sony camcorder PJ620 thus giving the illusion that it was  compatible. So as you can imagine, after shilling out extra on next day delivery, I was very unhappy to find that it was not the right SIM card. So now I will not be about to use the camera straight away as planned. Oh well it's only the birth of my first born.", "This memory card was advertised as \"sold with Sony HDR-CX240E video camera\". Quite simply, it doesn't fit. The camera in question uses the micro size card, not this one! I feel misled by Amazon into buying a totally inappropriate card. I'm sure that the card will work OK, I have given it to a friend to use in their camera!", "Excellent it will see me out so l didn't need all those memory card's still that is water under the bridge. The rest of the cars sent were not needed as l only have one camera it was getting stupid the amount of cards l received. I have given them away so let's forget about that", "i found this an excellent memory card, I usually buy SanDisk as i consider it to be superior to the rest,but sony has impressed me", "I am  writing this review as i hope amazon will get in touch with me, making a purchase of a sony camcorderand case It recommended buying  a memory card of which I did knowing most cameras don`t come with oneafter removing from the package find it does not fit as I need a micro card , so why did add that sort of cardwith the camera in selling page, as I ordered this a the last minute that to mean`s I  shall be very wary in futureand as the package is destroyed can not return it", "Arrived promptly, brought this item for use with a video camera, and it works very well. it gives me approximately 47 mins recording time.", "Bought for my Gopro video camera. Use it for Skiing holidays etc. Used in temperature as low as -20deg. Never had any problems. Had it for over a year now so can recommend it.", "This memory card was advertised as \"sold with Sony HDR-CX240E video camera\". Quite simply, it doesn't fit. The camera in question uses the micro size card, not this one! I feel misled by Amazon into buying a totally inappropriate card.", "NOT PLEASED AT ALL, TRIED TO PASS OFF A CHEAP COPY OF A STANDARD SD CARD THAT RETAILS AT ABOUT \u00a35.20 INSTEAD OF THE SONY (class 4 ) CARD THAT I ORDERED THAT RETAILS AT ABOUT \u00a312-, AND STILL CHARGED ME \u00a312+ FOR IT , SO RETURNED IT AND ASKED FOR A REFUND WHICH I GOT .(EVENTUALLY.)"]